What type of vehicle is the all-new Tucson?
Tucson is Hyundai subcompact crossover utility vehicle with the smooth driving dynamics of a sedan and improved cargo capacity behind the 2nd row, including comfortable seating for 5 passengers.

When will it be available for sale and what is the starting price?
2016 Tucson is already at dealer lots.To build and price the all-new Tucson, please visit Hyundai.com.

What trims are available on the 2016 Tucson and what makes them unique?
Four (4) trims are available: SE is a well-equipped base, Eco delivers on fuel efficiency and introduces a new powertrain; Sport has sporty cues and 19 wheels while Limited offers advanced safety and premium features.

What advanced safety features are available on the 2016 Tucson?

Automatic Emergency Braking with Pedestrian Detection (Hyundai First
Blind Spot Detection with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert
Lane Change Assist and Lane Departure Warning
Rear Parking Sensors
Standard Rearview Camera.

How does Automatic Emergency Braking with Pedestrian Detection work?
The forward facing camera behind the rearview mirror along with a radar sensor mounted on the front bumper work together to detect a slowing or stopped vehicle and/or pedestrian in the front and warn the driver of a potential collision.  If the driver does not maneuver to avoid impact, the system will apply emergency braking.

What else is new about the 2016 Tucson?
Improved aerodynamics and driving dynamics which improve fuel economy
Segment-first, ventilated front seats & heated seats in the 2nd row
A Hands-Free Smart Liftgate with auto-open and programmable height setting
Improved cargo space; now 31.0 cubic feet
Available LED headlights, daytime running lights, taillights and High Intensity Discharge Headlights with Dynamic Bending Light to maximize road visibility at night.
Do all Tucsons have the same powertrain and What is the best MPG rating?
SE trim has a 2.0L engine, 6-speed automatic transmission with SHIFTRONICÆ delivering 164HP, 151 lb.-ft. torque and 26 MPG combined.
Eco, Sport and Limited have the 1.6L turbocharged engine, 7-speed dual clutch transmission with SHIFTRONICÆ delivering 175HP, 195 lb.-ft. torque and up to 29 MPG combined.

Is Blue Link available on the 2016 Tucson?
Yes, Next Generation Blue Link is available with remote capability via the web, smartphone and now both Android and Apple smartwatch.

Are Android Auto and/or CarPlay available on the 2016 Tucson?
Android Auto and CarPlay will be available on the new Tucson but both systems currently have a delayed availability.

Are there any new exterior/interior colors?
Yes, Tucson has six new exterior colors: Chromium silver, Coliseum Gray, Ruby Wine, Mojave Sand, Sedona Sunset and Caribbean Blue.  Gray, Beige and Black interiors are available.

What type of vehicle is the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Santa Fe Sport is Hyundai compact crossover utility vehicle, larger than Tucson and smaller than long wheelbase Santa Fe with comfortable seating for 5 passengers.

When will it be available for sale and what is the starting price?
2016 Santa Fe Sport is already at dealer lots. To build and price the 2016 Santa Fe Sport, please visit Hyundai.com.

What trims are available on the 2016 Santa Fe Sport and what makes them unique?
Two (2) trims are available: Sport is a well-equipped base with 3 available packages offering a little something for everyone while Sport 2.0T delivers on improved performance and convenience features.

What advanced safety features are available on the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Standard Hillstart Assist Control and Downhill Brake Control
7 airbags with a rollover-sensing side curtain airbag
Blind Spot Detection with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert
Lane Change Assist 
Rear Parking Sensors
Rearview camera.

What convenience features are available on the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Power Driver Seat w/ Lumbar Support and Heated/Ventilated Front Seats 
Hands-Free Smart Liftgate with Auto-Open
Integrated Memory Seats and heated steering wheel
Sliding 2nd row seats and rear side window sunshades
Premium audio and 8-inch touchscreen display with navigation
Panoramic sunroof and Dual Zone Automatic Temperature Control.

Do all Santa Fe Sport have the same powertrain and What is the MPG rating?
Sport trim has a 2.4L engine, 6-speed automatic transmission with SHIFTRONICÆ delivering 190HP, 181 lb.-ft. torque and 27 MPG highway.
Sport 2.0T trim has a 2.0L turbocharged engine, 6-speed automatic transmission with SHIFTRONICÆ delivering 265HP, 269 lb.-ft. torque and 27 MPG highway.

What is the maximum towing capacity of the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Maximum towing capacity for Santa Fe Sport is 3,500 lbs.

Is Blue Link available on the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Yes, Next Generation Blue Link is available with remote capability via the web, smartphone and now both Android and Apple smartwatch.

Are Android Auto and/or CarPlay available on the 2016 Santa Fe Sport?
Android Auto and CarPlay are not currently available in the 2016 Santa Fe Sport but may be in the near future.

Why is the saddle interior color no longer available?
Low customer demand allowed us to eliminate the feature and improve Santa Fe Sport value proposition to our customers.

What type of vehicle is the 2016 Santa Fe?
Santa Fe is Hyundai largest crossover utility vehicle, larger than Tucson and Santa Fe Sport with comfortable seating for 6 or 7 passengers.

When will it be available for sale and what is the starting price?
2016 Santa Fe is already at dealer lots. To build and price the 2016 Santa Fe, please visit.

What trims are available on the 2016 Santa Fe and what makes them unique?
Two (2) trims are available: SE is a well-equipped 7-passenger base with 2 available packages offering a little something for everyone while Limited has 6-passenger seating with 2nd row captain chairs in addition to premium features.

What advanced safety features are available on the 2016 Santa Fe?
Standard Hillstart Assist Control and Downhill Brake Control
7 airbags with a rollover-sensing side curtain airbag
Blind Spot Detection with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert
Lane Change Assist 
Side Mirrors with Turn Signal Indicators
Rear Parking Sensors w/Rearview camera.

What convenience features are available on the 2016 Santa Fe?
Power Driver Seat w/ Lumbar Support and Heated/Ventilated Front Seats 
Hands-Free Smart Liftgate with Auto-Open
Integrated Memory Seats and heated steering wheel
Sliding 2nd row seats and rear side window sunshades
Premium audio and 8-inch touchscreen display with navigation
Panoramic sunroof and 2nd row Captain Chairs
Dual Zone Automatic Temperature Control and 3rd row HVAC controls.

Do all Santa Fes have the same powertrain and  What is the MPG rating?
Yes. Santa Fe has a 3.3L engine, 6-speed automatic transmission with SHIFTRONICÆ delivering 290HP, 252 lb.-ft. torque and 25 MPG highway.

What is the maximum towing capacity of the 2016 Santa Fe?
Maximum towing capacity for Santa Fe is 5,000 lbs.

Is Blue Link available on the 2016 Santa Fe?
Yes, Next Generation Blue Link is available with remote capability via the web, smartphone and now both Android and Apple smartwatch.

Are Android Auto and/or CarPlay available on the 2016 Santa Fe?
Android Auto and CarPlay are not currently available in the 2016 Santa Fe but may be in the near future.

Why is the saddle interior color no longer available?
Low customer demand allowed us to eliminate the feature and improve Santa Fe value proposition to our customers.

What is the Sonata Plug in Hybrid?
The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid drives very similar to the Sonata Hybrid, with the added benefit of a dedicated, all-electric range up to 24 miles due to a more powerful electric motor and larger battery pack. The larger battery system can be charged by plugging in the vehicle to a regular 120V power outlet or dedicated 240V charging station.

How does the Hybrid system work?
The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid is powered by a 2.0L 4-cylinder GDI engine in conjunction with a 50kW electric motor and 9.8 kWh lithium-polymer battery pack. The vehicle operates off regular gasoline and its battery pack can be charged via the supplied charger (or other EV charging stations), giving the vehicle an all-electric range of up to 24 miles. 

When the vehicle has sufficient battery charge level, it will operate like an electric vehicle until the battery charge is depleted; using no gas in most instances. Even with a sufficient charge, the gasoline engine could turn on based on numerous factors; the throttle position and power demand from the user along with the incline in which the vehicle is traveling.

Once the charged battery is depleted, the vehicle operates just like a regular Sonata Hybrid and switches seamlessly between a gasoline engine and an electric motor to deliver efficient power. Its regenerative braking system captures the energy created during braking and converts it into electricity to help recharge the lithium polymer batteries.

How frequently do I have to charge the vehicle?
The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid does not have to be charged in order for the vehicle to operate. However, we recommend charging the vehicle as often as possible as it is advantageous in maximizing the fuel savings. However, even when the vehicle is not charged, it will still run if only filled up with gasoline. There are added features built into the vehicle to enable you to set charging times and parameters to help accommodate your driving schedule. We also include the locations of charging stations provided by Sirius XM data services through the navigation system, so youíre never left wondering where the closest charging station is.

How long does it take to get a full charge?
Recharge time ranges from less than three hours at a 240V Level-Two charging station to less than nine hours using the provided charging cable plugged into a standard 120V outlet.

What type of fuel economy can I expect to get?
Sonata PHEV is expected to deliver 93 MPGe combined during EV mode based on internal estimates. Once the battery is depleted or the user selects the vehicle to enter HEV mode (charge sustaining mode), the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid is expected to return 40 mpg combined based on internal testing.

What type of transmission does the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid use?
Sonata Plug-in Hybrid uses a six-speed automatic transmission with Hyundai Transmission-Mounted Electrical Device (TMED) architecture, a 50 kW electric motor, in place of a torque converter.

How much power does the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid make?
The 2.0L gasoline engine makes 154 horsepower and 140 lb-ft of torque. The electric motor generates 50 kW (67 HP equivalent), for a total system net of 202 horsepower @ 6,000 rpm. The peak total system power does not equal the gasoline engine HP and electric motor peak power combined since the two power sources operate on separate power curves.

Does the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid look different than the Sonata Hybrid?
The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid uses the same functional design changes as the Sonata Hybrid to improve its drag coefficient to a class-leading 0.24. These changes include a unique grille, front and rear bumpers, front fenders, front and rear lights, chrome side sill moldings, Hybrid badging and eco-spoke alloy wheel designs compared to non-hybrid Sonata models. Visual changes to the Plug-in Hybrid exterior include a charging port on the driver front fender. And on the interior a distinctive instrument cluster and center stack Energy Flow screens provides drivers with additional information about the Plug-in Hybrid functions. A charge indicator is located on top of the dashboard to make it easy to see the the vehicle charge status from outside.

The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid will offer four exterior paint options: Pewter Gray Metallic, Diamond White Pearl, Eclipse Black and Seaport Mist. Interior color choices include gray in cloth or leather seating configurations and an all-new Blue Pearl option for leather seats (not available with Pewter Gray Metallic). Sonata Plug-in Hybrids equipped with Blue Pearl leather seats will include contrast stitching and unique interior accent trim pieces.

Is the charger secure if Iím charging outdoors or away from home?
When the vehicle is locked, the charge port inner cap stays locked. When the vehicle is unlocked, then the charge port inner cap can be opened. Similarly, the charger can only be hooked up when the door is unlocked. When plugged in and the doors are locked, the charger connecter is locked in place and cannot be removed until the doors are unlocked.

Does the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid come with a spare tire?
In order to maximize usable cargo capacity by incorporating part of the battery system in the cargo underfloor area, the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid comes with a tire mobility kit and does not come with a spare tire.

Where will the Sonata Plug-in Hybrid be sold, and are there any tax credits?
The Sonata Plug-in Hybrid will be available in California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont in 2015. Sonata Plug-in Hybrid buyers will be eligible for a $2,500 fixed federal tax credit and a variable federal tax credit based on battery capacity that will also be over $2,400; bring the total to ~$4,900. These tax credits reduce the amount of federal tax the purchaser is liable for, making them much more valuable than tax deductions. Local incentives may also be available, for example, the clean vehicle rebate in California is an additional $1,500 and Sonata Plug-in Hybrid is eligible for California Green Clean Air Vehicle Decals that allow access to the HOV lanes.

When will the Tucson Fuel Cell be available?
The Tucson Fuel Cell is scheduled to be available in Spring 2014.

How much does the Tucson Fuel Cell lease cost?
The Tucson Fuel Cell is only available for a 36 month lease, $499 per month and $2,999 due at lease signing. This will include maintenance, unlimited fuel, carpool lane access, and ìAt Your Service  concierge service for regularly scheduled complimentary maintenance and vehicle service.

Is it possible to purchase the Tucson Fuel Cell?
No, at this time the vehicle is only available for lease. In addition, there is no purchase option at the end of the lease.

What is included in the Tucson Fuel Cell lease price?
Maintenance, unlimited fuel, and ìAt Your Service  concierge service for regularly scheduled complimentary maintenance and vehicle service are all included in the lease price of the Tucson Fuel Cell.

Where do I have to live in order to lease a Tucson Fuel Cell?
The Tucson Fuel Cell will be initially available only in Southern California due to the current availability of public hydrogen refueling stations. In the future, the Tucson Fuel Cell will be available in other areas as public refueling infrastructure expands beyond Southern California. Please refer to Hyundai.com for vehicle availability by zip code.

How and when can I place an order for the Tucson Fuel Cell?
Due to limited vehicle availability and an emerging refueling infrastructure, anyone interested in leasing the Tucson Fuel Cell should go to Hyundai.com and enter their name, email address and zip code. An application will be made available to those who sign up. The names of those who qualify will be placed in a drawing which will take place near the vehicle launch date.

If I am selected, where do I pick up the Tucson Fuel Cell?
Individuals leasing the Tucson Fuel Cell can select from one of three Hyundai dealerships from where they can pick up their vehicle. In 2014, the initial Tucson Fuel Cell select dealers will be Hardin Hyundai and, Tustin Hyundai in Orange County and WIN Hyundai Carson in Los Angeles County. Additional dealerships will be announced as fueling infrastructure expands.

Can I see or test drive the Tucson Fuel Cell at the select dealerships?
While test drives will be reserved for selected and approved applicants, the Tucson Fuel Cell will be made available at select Enterprise Rent-a-Car locations in Spring of 2014 for anyone interested in driving the vehicle. The final list of Enterprise Rent-a-Car locations that will offer the Tucson Fuel Cell will be published when plans have been finalized.

Does the Tucson Fuel Cell qualify for any government subsidies?
The Tucson Fuel Cell will qualify for a $2,500 rebate under California Clean Vehicle Rebate Project. Please go to http://energycenter.org/clean-vehicle-rebate-project for more information.

Can I drive the Tucson Fuel Cell out of state?
Yes, however limited refueling infrastructure will restrict the ability to refuel outside of Southern California.

Tucson Fuel Cell.
How far can you drive on one fill up in the Tucson Fuel Cell?
The Tucson Fuel Cell has an estimated driving range of approximately 270 miles depending on driving conditions.

How long does it take to fill up the Tucson Fuel Cell?
Refueling with hydrogen is similar to refueling a conventional gasoline powered vehicle. The Tucson Fuel Cell is capable of refueling from empty in less than 10 minutes.

What happens if I run out of fuel in the Tucson Fuel Cell?
If the vehicle runs out of fuel, it will need to be towed on a flatbed to the nearest refueling station.

Are there any special maintenance requirements for the Tucson Fuel Cell?
No, servicing the Tucson Fuel Cell is similar to the conventional vehicle. Typical items include servicing the brakes, replacing the cabin air filter, replacing the coolant, etc.

What impact does the Tucson Fuel Cell leave on the environment?
The Tucson Fuel Cell does not emit any harmful Green House Gas emissions such as carbon dioxide. Instead, water is the only emission.

Other than the powertrain, what is different about the Tucson Fuel Cell vs. a regular Tucson?
To help distinguish the Tucson Fuel Cell from the conventional Tucson, several cosmetic exterior changes have been made to the front grille and bumper, the door trim and rear bumper. In addition the interior of the Tucson Fuel Cell features an exclusive meter display and gear selector.

How does the Tucson Fuel Cell work?
The Tucson Fuel Cell is a type of electric vehicle. However, instead of storing most of the electricity on board in batteries like most electric vehicles, the Tucson Fuel Cell generates its own electricity on-board by converting hydrogen fuel into electricity through an electrochemical process. The hydrogen is converted into electricity by the fuel cell stack.

What are the benefits of a Fuel Cell vehicle versus a Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)?
The Tucson Fuel Cell has all the benefits of an electric vehicle (zero emissions, high fuel efficiency, instant torque, quiet operation) with none of the demerits associated with batteries (limited driving range, limited vehicle size, long charge time). Fuel Cell technology is scalable. For larger vehicles, simply add more fuel cells. Fuel Cells have a driving range and refueling time similar to conventional gasoline powered vehicles.

Where does the hydrogen come from?
Hydrogen is already manufactured in large quantities for industrial use. Typically, hydrogen is produced by steam methane reformation (SMR) of natural gas or electrolysis of water molecules using renewable energy (such as wind or solar power). According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), hydrogen can be produced domestically from several sources, reducing our dependence on petroleum imports.

How is the hydrogen converted to electricity in the Tucson Fuel Cell?
The Tucson Fuel Cell generates energy through an electrochemical process that transforms the chemical energy from hydrogen into electricity. The fuel cell in the Tucson uses a proton exchange membrane (PEM) which is made of three adjacent segments: the anode, the electrolyte, and the cathode. Two chemical reactions occur at the interfaces of the three different segments. The net result of the two reactions is that fuel is consumed, water is created, and an electric current is created, which is used to power an electric motor. A single fuel cell produces about one volt of electricity. To generate sufficient voltage, multiple fuel cells are "stacked" together. The process does not involve combustion of hydrogen.

How is the Tucson Fuel Cell powered and What are the different power modes?
There are four propulsion modes in the Tucson Fuel Cell. In Fuel Cell Mode, the vehicle is powered only by the fuel cell (e.g. cruising). In Assist Mode, the vehicle is powered by both the fuel cell and the high-voltage battery (e.g. accelerating). In Charge Mode, the fuel cell charges the high-voltage battery when its charge level is low. In Regeneration Mode, the high-voltage battery is charged by the electric motor (e.g. braking).

How long has the fuel cell technology been around?
Although fuel cells sound like a modern innovation, the first fuel cell was developed in the 1840. NASA became the first to put fuel cells in use with the Gemini and Apollo space crafts, Skylab and the Space Shuttles. In the 1960s, auto companies began working with fuel cells in vehicles. Over the decades, fuel cells have become smaller, more powerful and longer lasting.

How is the hydrogen stored in the Tucson Fuel Cell?
The hydrogen is stored on board in two tanks. The Tucson Fuel Cell uses a Type III container featuring a metal container lined with a carbon fiber resin wrap.

Did Hyundai develop the Tucson Fuel Cell powertrain?
Yes. All current Hyundai Fuel Cell vehicles operating are running on Hyundai-manufactured fuel cell stacks. In the last ten years, Hyundai has developed and improved its fuel cell technology. The 2000-2002 Santa Fe Fuel Cell featured a 75 kW stack. The 2004-2005 Tucson Fuel Cell featured an 80 kW stack. In 2006, Hyundai internally developed an 85 kW stack. Subsequent enhancements brought the development of a 100 kW stack as is now found in the 2015 Tucson Fuel Cell.

What is the impact of the fuel cell stack to the environment at the end of the vehicle life?
The majority of the fuel cell stack and related components can be recycled including the valuable platinum catalysts in the fuel cell system, which are collected for recycling. (Recyclability Rate = 87%; Recoverability Rate = 95%).

What other features help make the Tucson Fuel Cell more efficient?
The Tucson Fuel Cell is equipped with a stop/start mode that shuts down the fuel cell stack and uses battery power when idling, minimizing energy loss in city driving. Additionally, the high-voltage battery is charged by the electric motor while braking, in Regeneration mode.

What makes Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell different from others?
Fuel cell technology is simple and there are many similarities among the various automakersí fuel cell designs. The Hyundai fuel cell has one major difference compared to its competitors: The Hyundai fuel cell uses near ambient air pressure to provide oxygen to the fuel cell stack compared to fuel cell systems that use compressed air. Compressing air requires additional energy. Hyundai design results in low parasitic loss in the oxygen supply, which leads to high fuel efficiency and reduces power consumption by 50 percent. This set-up also reduces noise in the cabin.

What is the fueling process like in the Tucson Fuel Cell?
Hydrogen dispensers appear very similar to gasoline dispensers, with a slightly different nozzle. The driver connects the nozzle to the vehicle receptacle to form a tight seal. Once the connection is firm, fuel is dispensed from the station storage into the vehicle through the dispenser. The refueling process takes less than 10 minutes from empty.

How is the hydrogen delivered to the refueling stations?
Most hydrogen stations have fuel delivered by a tanker truck, although some stations make their fuel onsite. Different designs and technology give stations the flexibility of using local resources, making best use of available land and meeting the needs of the community. A hydrogen fueling station consists of equipment for storing, compressing and dispensing hydrogen.

How safe is the Fuel Cell technology?
Hyundai Fuel Cell vehicles have been subjected to extensive safety testing, including destructive and non-destructive evaluations at the component, system and vehicle level. There are many internal safety mechanisms to ensure the safety of the vehicle.

All Hyundai vehicles complete a rigorous crash test program before they are ever driven on public roads. The Tucson Fuel Cell has undergone crash tests for offset-frontal, side and rear impact, as well as fire tests. Also, there are several impact sensors. In event of a crash, the sensors stop the release of hydrogen from the tanks.

How safe is hydrogen?
Like any fuel, hydrogen requires proper handling and a safe system design for production, storage and usage. Hydrogen, if properly handled, is as safe as gasoline, diesel or natural gasñ and in some instances even safer. For decades, hydrogen has been shipped and used safely in the United States for use in everything from welding to hydrogenated peanut butter. 

More than 70 million gallons of hydrogen are transported every year. Hydrogen is the most common element in the universe, and it also the lightestñ even lighter than helium. This means that if there a leak in a storage tank, the hydrogen dissipates quickly into the air, without polluting.

Are the Tucson hydrogen storage tanks safe?
Yes, the tanks are safe. Four on-board hydrogen sensors are designed to detect a leak and sound an alarm.

Are there any special offers or promotions available?
Hyundai has both nation-wide and local promotions you may qualify for. Click here and enter your ZIP code to find promotions in your area. You will also be able to see full details on nation-wide promotions, such as the Military Program, Mobility Program, College Grad Program, and more!

Are there any service promotions available for my vehicle?
Your local dealer may have service specials or promotions running right now. Contact your local Hyundai dealer to ask if there are any current service specials or promotions.

Are there any special offers or promotions available?
Hyundai has both nation-wide and local promotions you may qualify for. Click here and enter your ZIP code to find promotions in your area. You will also be able to see full details on nation-wide promotions, such as the Military Program, Mobility Program, College Grad Program, and more!

Are there any service promotions available for my vehicle?
Your local dealer may have service specials or promotions running right now. Contact your local Hyundai dealer to ask if there are any current service specials or promotions.


What is Hyundai Assurance?
When you buy a Hyundai vehicle, you not only receive the value of the vehicle, but also peace of mind through Hyundai Assurance. To show our high level of faith in our vehicles and dedication to our customers, Hyundai Assurance was developed. This program encompasses three services: 

Hyundai Assurance Connected Care
America Best Warranty
24/7 Roadside Assistance
Hyundai Car Care.

What does Hyundai America Best Warranty cover?
America Best Warranty covers multiple aspects of new Hyundai vehicles, providing our customers with peace of mind and showing our commitment to maintain high quality. Some of our coverage includes:
10-year/100,000-Mile Powertrain Protection
5-year/60,000-Mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty
7-Years/Unlimited-Mile Anti-Perforation Warranty
5-Year/Unlimited-Mile 24-hour Roadside Assistance
12-month/12,000-Mile Replacement Parts and Accessories Limited Warranty
8-Year/80,000-Mile Federal Emission Defect & Performance Warranty
7-Year/70,000-Mile California Emission Control Systems Warranty.

The Sonata Hybrid also includes:
Lifetime Hybrid Battery
10-year/100,000-Mile Hybrid Starter/Generator
10-year/100,000-Mile Hybrid Power Control Unit
10-year/100,000-Mile Automatic Transmission (including Traction Motor).

For more details on America Best Warranty, click here.

To remain under warranty, where should I get my vehicle serviced?
To ensure your vehicle will remain covered by America Best Warranty, we suggest going to your Hyundai dealership at the recommended intervals prescribed in the owner manual. To get your recommended maintenance schedule online, click here. Your Hyundai dealer can also answer any questions you have pertaining to the maintenance schedule.

What do I need to know about my warranty?
The most important thing to know is that your warranty can vary from model year to model year. Refer to your Owner Manual for the most accurate information on your vehicle warranty.

What happens if I sell my vehicle before its warranty expires?
If you sell your vehicle while still under the 10-year/100,000-mile Powertrain Limited Warranty, the warranty will be reduced to 5-year/60,000-mile coverage. Other Hyundai warranty terms and coverage periods, including Roadside Assistance, remain unchanged for subsequent owner(s).

What is the definition of Original Owner?
For vehicles of model year 2004 and newer, the Original Owner is defined as the first retail purchaser of the vehicle who took delivery of the vehicle on its first date of use. Immediate family members are not included in this definition.

For vehicles of model years 1999-2003, the Original Owner is defined as the first retail purchaser of the vehicle who took delivery of the vehicle on its first date of use, as well as that person immediate family members (spouse, children, and step-children).

Do Hyundai Genuine Parts have a warranty?
Hyundai Genuine Parts are covered by a 12-month Replacement Parts and Accessories Limited Warranty. Contact your local Hyundai dealer for details.

Are there any special offers or promotions available?
Hyundai has both nation-wide and local promotions you may qualify for. Click here and enter your ZIP code to find promotions in your area. You will also be able to see full details on nation-wide promotions, such as the Military Program, Mobility Program, College Grad Program, and more.

Are there any service promotions available for my vehicle?
Your local dealer may have service specials or promotions running right now. Contact your local Hyundai dealer to ask if there are any current service specials or promotions.

What is Hyundai Assurance?
When you buy a Hyundai vehicle, you not only receive the value of the vehicle, but also peace of mind through Hyundai Assurance. To show our high level of faith in our vehicles and dedication to our customers, Hyundai Assurance was developed. This program encompasses three services: 

Hyundai Assurance Connected Care
America Best Warranty
24/7 Roadside Assistance
Hyundai Car Care

What does Hyundai America Best Warranty cover?
America Best Warranty covers multiple aspects of new Hyundai vehicles, providing our customers with peace of mind and showing our commitment to maintain high quality. Some of our coverage includes:
10-year/100,000-Mile Powertrain Protection
5-year/60,000-Mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty
7-Years/Unlimited-Mile Anti-Perforation Warranty
5-Year/Unlimited-Mile 24-hour Roadside Assistance
12-month/12,000-Mile Replacement Parts and Accessories Limited Warranty
8-Year/80,000-Mile Federal Emission Defect & Performance Warranty
7-Year/70,000-Mile California Emission Control Systems Warranty.

The Sonata Hybrid also includes:
Lifetime Hybrid Battery
10-year/100,000-Mile Hybrid Starter/Generator
10-year/100,000-Mile Hybrid Power Control Unit
10-year/100,000-Mile Automatic Transmission (including Traction Motor).

For more details on America Best Warranty, click here.

To remain under warranty, where should I get my vehicle serviced?
To ensure your vehicle will remain covered by America Best Warranty, we suggest going to your Hyundai dealership at the recommended intervals prescribed in the owner manual. To get your recommended maintenance schedule online, click here. Your Hyundai dealer can also answer any questions you have pertaining to the maintenance schedule.

What do I need to know about my warranty?
The most important thing to know is that your warranty can vary from model year to model year. Refer to your Owner Manual for the most accurate information on your vehicle warranty.

What happens if I sell my vehicle before its warranty expires?
If you sell your vehicle while still under the 10-year/100,000-mile Powertrain Limited Warranty, the warranty will be reduced to 5-year/60,000-mile coverage. Other Hyundai warranty terms and coverage periods, including Roadside Assistance, remain unchanged for subsequent owner(s).

What is the definition of Original Owner?
For vehicles of model year 2004 and newer, the Original Owner is defined as the first retail purchaser of the vehicle who took delivery of the vehicle on its first date of use. Immediate family members are not included in this definition.

For vehicles of model years 1999-2003, the Original Owner is defined as the first retail purchaser of the vehicle who took delivery of the vehicle on its first date of use, as well as that person immediate family members (spouse, children, and step-children).

Do Hyundai Genuine Parts have a warranty?
Hyundai Genuine Parts are covered by a 12-month Replacement Parts and Accessories Limited Warranty. Contact your local Hyundai dealer for details.

What is Hyundai Roadside Assistance Program?
Our Roadside Assistance Program reflects our commitment to the customer Hyundai experience. If you should experience an unfortunate circumstance and are stranded on the side of the road, Hyundai Roadside Assistance will be available to help you. It is accessible in all 50 states and Canada, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. This service is available for a period of 60 months/unlimited miles after the vehicle in-service date. Customers can use the Roadside Assistance twice a year at no cost to them.

What does Roadside Assistance cover?
The Hyundai Roadside Assistance Program provides you with the following services:

Towing to transport your vehicle to the nearest Hyundai Dealership or Authorized Service Facility in the unlikely event your vehicle is inoperable.
Roadside services, such as dead battery/jump start, flat tire change, lock-out service (keys locked in car), or gas delivery (up to three gallons, where permissible, at no charge if you run out of gas).
Trip Interruption Benefit
In all five years of coverage, you will be eligible for two free roadside events per year. Should you happen to use your two free events in a given year, you would then need to pay the tow service provider for any further tow or roadside service in that year prior to such services being provided.

How do I receive Roadside Assistance?
Hyundai customers can contact a Roadside Assistance representative via Blue Link or phone. Once you have a representative on the line, please be ready to provide the following information:

Your name
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) located on the driver side dashboard
Vehicle mileage
Vehicle location
Description of your vehicle problem

To contact Hyundai Roadside Assistance line via Blue Link:
If your vehicle is equipped with Blue Link, you will also have Enhanced Roadside Assistance, which works in conjunction with Hyundai Roadside Assistance. Place a call from inside of your vehicle using the Blue Link button. This will allow the Roadside Assistance representative to access the GPS coordinates of your car.

To contact Hyundai Roadside Assistance line via phone:
To receive assistance using your phone, call the Hyundai Roadside Assistance line toll-free at 1-800-243-7766.

To contact Hyundai Roadside Assistance line via Hyundai Assurance Car Care App:
On the main menu of the Hyundai Assurance Car Care app, press the ìAssurance Roadside Assistance  button and then click on the ìCall Roadside Assistance  button. You will be connected to our Roadside Assistance center.

What is the Trip Interruption Benefit?
In the event a warranty-covered mechanical disablement occurs more than 150 miles away from your home and your vehicle is disabled overnight, due to a repair in process, Hyundai Roadside Assistance will reimburse you for reasonable expenses, such as meals, lodging, or alternate transportation. Trip Interruption Benefit is limited to $100 per day, subject to a three-day maximum per incident.

What is the reimbursement process for the Roadside Assistance Trip Interruption Benefit?
To have your trip interruption expenses reviewed for reimbursement consideration, please send a letter of explanation of your circumstances, and the original receipts for your eligible expenses (lodging, meals, and alternate transportation) to:

Hyundai Roadside Assistance Claims Department
P.O. Box 9145
Medford, MA 02155.

What is Hyundai Connected Care?
Assurance Connected Care is a suite of safety and car care features providing Hyundai owners with services such as Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Monthly Vehicle Reports and Maintenance Alerts. For further information regarding Assurance Connected Care, please visit the Assurance Connected Care section on HyundaiUSA.com.

What vehicles are eligible for Hyundai Connected Care?
All Blue Link-equipped vehicles are eligible for Hyundai Connected Care. For more information, click here.

What Blue Link features are included in Hyundai Connected Care?
Blue Link Connected Care is a suite of safety and car care features providing Hyundai owners with services such as Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Monthly Vehicle Health Reports and Maintenance Alerts. All new Blue Link-equipped Hyundai vehicles will come standard with one year of Blue Link Connected Care. The service is fully transferable to subsequent owners within one year of the vehicle date of first use. For further information regarding Blue Link Connected Care, please visit MyHyundai.com.

How does Hyundai Connected Care compare to what other car companies offer?
Many car companies offer advanced on-board systems that automatically connect you to help in the event of an accident or breakdown. Some systems can even make monitoring and servicing your vehicle easier. But Hyundai is the first manufacturer to provide these features at no additional charge for one year. Connected Care, just one more innovative way Hyundai has you covered when it counts.

Do I need to register for Hyundai Assurance Connected Care?
Yes, you need to register on Myhyundai.com and enroll your Blue Link equipped vehicle in order to activate your emergency services and car care features.

Car Care
What is Hyundai Car Care?
Hyundai feels that car care should be carefree. To make sure your driving experience is low on anxiety and high on satisfaction, Car Care was developed. Complete and convenient vehicle service from an authorized Hyundai dealer using high-quality genuine Hyundai parts is an unbeatable combination that helps keep your vehicle running perfectly. Our pledge is to provide:
Convenient appointment scheduling
A clear explanation of recommended service
Respect for your time
A recap of all the work completed
Free multi-point inspections.

What is Hyundai Connected Care?
Assurance Connected Care is a suite of safety and car care features providing Hyundai owners with services such as Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Monthly Vehicle Reports and Maintenance Alerts. For further information regarding Assurance Connected Care, please visit the Assurance Connected Care section on HyundaiUSA.com.

What vehicles are eligible for Hyundai Connected Care?
All Blue Link-equipped vehicles are eligible for Hyundai Connected Care. For more information, click here.

What Blue Link features are included in Hyundai Connected Care?
Blue Link Connected Care is a suite of safety and car care features providing Hyundai owners with services such as Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Monthly Vehicle Health Reports and Maintenance Alerts. All new Blue Link-equipped Hyundai vehicles will come standard with one year of Blue Link Connected Care. The service is fully transferable to subsequent owners within one year of the vehicle date of first use. For further information regarding Blue Link Connected Care, please visit MyHyundai.com.

How does Hyundai Connected Care compare to what other car companies offer?
Many car companies offer advanced on-board systems that automatically connect you to help in the event of an accident or breakdown. Some systems can even make monitoring and servicing your vehicle easier. But Hyundai is the first manufacturer to provide these features at no additional charge for one year. Connected Care, just one more innovative way Hyundai has you covered when it counts.

Do I need to register for Hyundai Assurance Connected Care?
Yes, you need to register on Myhyundai.com and enroll your Blue Link equipped vehicle in order to activate your emergency services and car care features.

What is Hyundai Car Care?
Hyundai feels that car care should be carefree. To make sure your driving experience is low on anxiety and high on satisfaction, Car Care was developed. Complete and convenient vehicle service from an authorized Hyundai dealer using high-quality genuine Hyundai parts is an unbeatable combination that helps keep your vehicle running perfectly. Our pledge is to provide:
Convenient appointment scheduling
A clear explanation of recommended service
Respect for your time
A recap of all the work completed
Free multi-point inspections.

Are there any additional vehicle protection products I can purchase for my Hyundai vehicle?
Yes. For more than a decade, Hyundai has led the industry with America Best Warranty. The Hyundai Protection Plan builds on that commitment with a comprehensive suite of vehicle protection products. From routine maintenance to unexpected breakdown, damage, or loss, the factory-backed Hyundai Protection Plan offers coverage that protect you and your wallet from many expenses resulting from everyday driving.

How and where can I get additional protection plans?
You can purchase the additional protection plans at any participating Hyundai dealership. If your selling dealership does not offer Hyundai Protection Plan products, you can call other dealerships in your area to find one that does. Click here to locate Hyundai dealerships in your area.

Can I add Hyundai Protection Plan products to my Hyundai vehicle after the initial time of purchase?
Certain products such as Vehicle Service Contract can be added after the initial time of purchase. Please contact a participating Hyundai dealership for details. Click here to locate Hyundai dealerships in your area.

Where can I get more information on the available Hyundai Protection Plan products?
For more information, contact your local participating Hyundai dealership, or click here.

What is the Hyundai Protection Plan Vehicle Service Contract (VSC)?
Whether enhancing the coverage of a Hyundai vehicle factory warranty or providing coverage after the factory warranty expires, Hyundai Protection Plan Vehicle Service Contract offers comprehensive protection for mechanical repairs, parts, labor, and roadside assistance. There are three different levels of protection, allowing you to choose the one that best fits you.

Powertrain
Gold
Premium

To read more about Hyundai Protection Plan and the specific details of each coverage level, click here.

How can I find a Hyundai dealership and Can I get their contact information?
To find the Hyundai dealer most conveniently located for you, click here. Enter your zip code information and you will be given a list of Hyundai dealerships in your area. The dealership contact information will be listed under their name. You can request a quote, schedule a test drive, search their inventory, schedule a service, or go to their website by clicking on the links below their contact information.

To get driving directions, refer to the right side of the webpage. Click on the corresponding letter of the dealership you wish to go to, enter your starting address or zip code, and click the ìGet Directions  button. Directions to the Hyundai dealership will appear below.

Can my Hyundai dealership handle maintenance, service, and repairs?
Hyundai dealerships are equipped to deal with any issue your vehicle may have, from routine maintenance to supplemental service. Some are even equipped with a full body shop. Hyundai dealershipsí capabilities go above and beyond basic warranty repairs.

Why is it important for my vehicle to be serviced at a Hyundai dealership?
Choosing where to have your vehicle serviced is an important decision. Your Hyundai dealer assisted you with the purchase of your Hyundai and will be available for the maintenance and service of your vehicle every step of the way. We strongly encourage our customers to take their vehicles to Hyundai dealerships to continue the established relationship with their customers, and we strongly encourage you to take your vehicle to a Hyundai dealership.

At Hyundai dealerships, only factory trained technicians will work on your vehicle. No one knows Hyundai vehicles better than our technicians! They have access to a specialized diagnostic system designed especially for Hyundai vehicles. Hyundai dealerships are tied to the manufacturer and receive factory authorized instructions. Taking your Hyundai to your preferred Hyundai dealerships allows your vehicle to be properly maintained and serviced, which preserves the life of your car and ensures it will be covered by our warranty.

Why is it important to schedule my first service appointment?
Setting up your first appointment to get your Hyundai serviced at a Hyundai dealership is extremely important. We suggest our customers schedule their first appointment while at the Hyundai dealer. This gives you the opportunity to meet the service advisor and service managers, who can explain your vehicle maintenance requirements. You will also be given directions and see first-hand where to pull your vehicle into the service drive.

If you were unable to schedule your appointment at the dealer, you can schedule an appointment by calling the dealership, with Blue Link (if equipped), through the MyHyundai website, or through the Hyundai dealership website.

When should I get my vehicle serviced?
It is important to have your Hyundai vehicle serviced at the recommended intervals in order for the vehicle to continue performing at its optimal level. For your Hyundai recommended maintenance schedule, please click here for an online reference. You can also refer to the Maintenance section in the Owner Manual or contact your Hyundai dealer for a full list of minimum maintenance requirements. You will need to know your vehicle driving conditions in order to get an accurate maintenance schedule.

Driving conditions are considered severe:
For repeated short distances.
In dusty or sandy areas, in areas where salt or other corrosive materials are used.
On rough or muddy roads.
In mountainous areas.
For extended periods of idling or low speed operation.
For prolonged periods in cold or extremely humid climates.
More than 50% of driving in heavy city traffic in temperatures above 90∞F.
If using brakes extensively.

Driving conditions are considered normal:
If your car did not fall into the previous severe category

What is the difference between severe and normal driving conditions?
Whether you want to find your vehicle maintenance schedule online, in the Owner Manual, or at the Hyundai dealership, you will need to know if the driving conditions of your vehicle are severe or normal. The maintenance schedule will vary depending on the driving conditions of your vehicle. Below is a list to help you determine which category your car fits in:

Driving conditions are considered severe:
For repeated short distances.
In dusty or sandy areas, in areas where salt or other corrosive materials are used.
On rough or muddy roads.
In mountainous areas.
For extended periods of idling or low speed operation.
For prolonged periods in cold or extremely humid climates.
More than 50% of driving in heavy city traffic in temperatures above 90∞F.
If using brakes extensively.

Driving conditions are considered normal:
If your car did not fall into the previous severe category.

Is there a rental vehicle available to me while my vehicle is being repaired?
Some, but not all, Hyundai dealerships provide their customers the use of a rental car if their vehicle will require servicing for an extended period of time. Hyundai dealers may place restrictions on the conditions of their rental car. Please contact your Hyundai dealer prior to taking in your vehicle so you fully understand their rental car policy, if they have one.

How do I know when my vehicle requires attention?
It is important to observe your vehicle performance closely. Your vehicle onboard technology helps monitor vehicle performance and operation. A number of warning light indicators in the instrument cluster are your key to understanding these active monitors. Warning light illumination is an indicator that your vehicle needs the expert attention of the trained technicians and special service equipment available at your local Hyundai dealer. Your Owner Manual can give you more information on instrument cluster gauges and warning light indicators.

Where should I take my vehicle if it requires attention?
Hyundai has nearly 800 authorized dealers coast to coast with factory-trained Hyundai technicians and special service tools to perform maintenance and service on your vehicle. We strongly recommend taking advantage of your local Hyundai dealer to keep your Hyundai running like new with Genuine Hyundai Parts. Call your local Hyundai dealer when your vehicle requires attention.

Visit the My Preferred Dealer section of this site for your dealer contact information.

What is the advantage of taking my vehicle to a Hyundai dealer for maintenance?
Servicing your vehicle at your local Hyundai dealer ensures that your vehicle will be repaired by factory-trained Hyundai technicians that have specialized diagnostic equipment and use only Genuine Hyundai Parts and Accessories. Hyundai dealer service protects your investment.

Visit the My Preferred Dealer section of this site for your dealer contact information.

Do I need an appointment to service my vehicle?
To ensure the best response to your service needs, it is suggested that you call your local Hyundai dealer to make an appointment in advance when your vehicle is in need of service. Contact your local Hyundai dealer to make an appointment.

Do Hyundai dealers provide alternate transportation while my vehicle is being serviced?
A Service Rental Car may be made available to you for warranty-covered repairs (participating dealers only). Additionally, some dealers may assist you in renting a car at your expense for any other work you may wish to have performed on your Hyundai. Please contact your local Hyundai dealer to see if alternate transportation is available to you.

Why is it important to keep accurate service records?
Retaining service records can add value to your vehicle and prove that critical, required maintenance has been performed, which validates eligible warranty repairs. Service records should be added to your service history online to help verify that maintenance has been performed. This is especially important if your vehicle is serviced by someone other than an authorized Hyundai dealer. Visit your local Hyundai dealer to obtain Genuine Hyundai Parts.

Why should I use genuine Hyundai Parts and Accessories?
Genuine Hyundai Parts are specially designed and engineered to meet Hyundai high performance standards and are backed by Hyundai Warranty. Contact your local dealer for details.

What type of seasonal service does my vehicle need?
Depending upon your area weather conditions, seasonal services may be helpful. Review the Maintenance Schedule in your Owner Manual for seasonal variations. You should also contact your local dealer for recommended seasonal services pertaining specifically to your geographic area.

How do I schedule an appointment with a Hyundai dealership?
There are multiple ways to schedule an appointment with a Hyundai dealership:

Call the Dealership
Blue Link
MyHyundai
Dealership Website
Car Care App.

How do I contact a Hyundai dealer to schedule an appointment?
1. Go to our Hyundai dealer locater website by clicking here. 

2. Enter your zip code information and you will be given a list of Hyundai dealerships in your area. 

3. Look at the Hyundai dealership contact information, which will include their phone number listed under their name.

4. Call the Hyundai dealership to schedule an appointment.

How do I use Blue Link to schedule an appointment at a Hyundai dealership?
1. Press the Blue Link button and say "Service Link."

2. A trained specialist will take the call and offer to schedule you a Hyundai dealership service appointment.

3. You will then be guided through a brief survey to better define the issue.

4. The collected data will be sent to your Hyundai dealer.

How do I use Blue Link to schedule an appointment at a Hyundai dealership?
1. Go to our Hyundai dealer locater website by clicking here.

2. Enter your zip code information. A list of Hyundai dealerships located in your area will appear, along with their information.

3. Click on the website link below the Hyundai dealership with whom you wish to make an appointment. 

4. Once you are at your desired Hyundai dealership website, hover your mouse over the "Service & Parts" tab, and click on "Schedule Service," which will take you to a new page. 

5. If this is your first time booking an appointment at this Hyundai dealership, click on "Iím New Here", select the year of your Hyundai, and click "Get Started". If you have visited this dealership in the past, enter your phone number under "Find Me", and proceed to step 7.

6. Select your Hyundai model, and click "Next". Then select the trim level of your Hyundai, input the mileage, and click "Next". 

7. On the next screen you can select a service package, choose individual services and repairs, or describe the concern you have with your vehicle. Once you have done so, click "Next". 

8. Select your appointment time, choose a specific service advisor if you have a preference, and select your transportation option. Once you have done so, click "Next".

9. A page with a summary of the appointment details will appear. If everything appears correct, enter your contact information and click "Book it!"

10. You will then receive a confirmation email.

How do I make an appointment at a Hyundai dealership through MyHyundai?
1. Log on to your MyHyundai account.

2. Click on the "Schedule Service" link below the vehicle you wish to take to the Hyundai dealership. 

3. The name of your preferred Hyundai dealership will be displayed in the top left corner of the new webpage. Make sure that this is the correct Hyundai dealership. (If this is incorrect, click "Change Dealer". Enter your zip code and click on your desired Hyundai dealership.)

4. After your preferred dealer is visible, confirm the mileage of your vehicle by clicking the "Update" link below "My Current Odometer".

5. Once the current mileage is confirmed you can see the next service recommended by Hyundai in the Service Timeline. Choose the appropriate service and click the blue "Schedule Service" button.

6. The next screen prompts you to confirm the maintenance service selected, choose additional individual services or repairs if necessary, or describe the concern you have with your vehicle. Once you have done so, click "Next".

8. Select your appointment time, choose a specific service advisor if you have a preference, and select your transportation option. Once you have done so, click "Next".

9. A page with a summary of the appointment details will appear. If everything appears correct, click "Book it!"

10. You will then receive a confirmation email.


What if the check engine indicator light goes on?
This light comes on for a few seconds when the ignition key is turned to the ìon  position and the engine is started. In the event of an emissions-related technical problem, the lamp can have two resulting warnings. A solid illumination warns of an engine emission issue. If this occurs, schedule a service visit at your local Hyundai dealer. A flashing Check Engine lamp indicates a potentially severe issue and the engine should be shut off as soon as you have found a safe location in which to pull over. If, after engine shutdown and restart, the lamp continues to flash, contact Hyundai Roadside Assistance to have your vehicle safely transported to your local Hyundai dealer. Roadside Assistance is available at this number: 1-800-243-7766.

Where is the tire-changing equipment located?
The jack, jack handle, and wheel lug nut wrench are stored in the luggage compartment. The Tire Mobility Kit (TMK), is also stored in the luggage compartment. Pull up the luggage box cover to reach this equipment. To change a flat tire, refer to your Owner Manual for complete directions.

If you have a flat tire, contact Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance* at 1-800-243-7766 and let us change it for you.

*Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance is complimentary for five years from the date your vehicle was first put in service.

What if my vehicle needs to be towed?
If your vehicle needs to be towed ó even if it due to an accident ó just call Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance* at 1-800-243-7766. In all cases, towing should be done by a qualified commercial towing service as serious damage can occur if the car is towed improperly. See your Owner Manual for details.

*Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance is complimentary for five years from the date your vehicle was first put in service.

What happens if I run out of gas?
Just call Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance* at 1-800-243-7766.

*Hyundai 24-Hour Roadside Assistance is complimentary for five years from the date your vehicle was first put in service.

What kind of child restraint system do I need?
Before buying a particular child restraint system (child safety seat), make sure it fits your car and your child, and complies with your state specific safety requirements. You should look for a child safety seat that meets the requirements of the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS).

Child safety seat recommendations are made based on the child age, weight, and height. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) provides the following guidelines:

Infants, from birth to at least age one, weighing at least 20 pounds should ride in the backseat in a rear-facing safety seat. Infants weighing 20 pounds or more before one year should ride in a convertible child safety seat rated for heavier infants (most convertible seats are rated up to 30-35 pounds rear facing).
Children over one year and at least 20 pounds may ride in a forward-facing child safety seat in the backseat. Children should ride in a safety seat with full harness until they reach the upper weight or height limit of the particular seat (usually around age 4 and 40 pounds).
All children who have outgrown child safety seats should be properly restrained in booster seats until they are at least 8 years old, unless they are 4 feet 9 inch or taller.

All child safety seat harness straps should be fitted snug against your child, and should lie in a relatively straight line, without sagging or excessive slack. Please read your child safety seat instruction manual for further information and visit the NHTSA website: http://www.nhtsa.gov/

How can I properly install a child restraint system in my vehicle?
An improperly installed child safety seat may not function correctly in an accident, hard stop, or other sudden maneuver and can cause harm to your child. Child safety seats should always be installed in the rear seat of your vehicle, as this positioning has proven to be safer than front-seat child restraints by NHTSA. When installing the child safety seat, be sure to follow all instructions provided by the manufacturer. Please also closely consult your Owner Manual.

For more on the selection and installation of effective child restraint systems, please visit the Child Passenger Safety section of the NHTSA website: http://www.nhtsa.gov/portal/site/nhtsa/menuitem.9f8c7d6359e0e9bbbf30811060008a0c/

Where do I find information about child passenger safety?
Your Hyundai vehicle Owner Manual provides child passenger safety information specific to your vehicle. Additionally, we recommend that you consult and follow your state laws regarding child passenger safety. For additional information, we recommend that you visit the Governors Highway Safety Association website at the following url: http://www.ghsa.org/html/stateinfo/laws/childsafety_laws.html

What maintenance should I perform on my vehicle?
In between service visits, there are several things you can do to help keep your vehicle running like new. Below are general guidelines. Please be sure to check your Owner Manual for specific information on maintaining your vehicle.

Engine oil - Check your oil at every fuel fill-up. Add oil if the level is below the lower mark on your dipstick.
Engine coolant - Check the coolant in your engine often (at least monthly) by checking the reserve tank. Be sure to check the reserve tank and make sure not to remove the radiator cap ó the fluid inside is extremely hot.
Windshield washer fluid - Check your windshield washer fluid at every fuel fill-up.
Automatic transmission fluid - Your authorized Hyundai dealer should check your automatic transmission fluid, linkage, and controls yearly.
Brake fluid - Brake fluid level has an indicator light in the instrument cluster. If the light illuminates, contact your local Hyundai dealer.
Tires - Check your tire pressure at least monthly to ensure that your tires are properly inflated (this includes your spare). Also be sure to check tire tread for uneven or excessive wear and foreign objects.
Air conditioning - Check your air conditioning often by turning it on for a short time regularly.
Lights - Check all of your lights ó head, tail, parking, and brake lights, high-mount brake light, turn signals, backup and license plate lights ó at least monthly.

Why is it important to maintain my vehicle?
Proper vehicle maintenance is the most critical component to extending the life of your Hyundai and preserving its long-term value. Proper maintenance will also optimize your vehicle performance, safety, and fuel efficiency. Lastly, adhering to Hyundai recommended maintenance schedule will help ensure eligible repairs remain covered by America Best Warranty.

What fuel is recommended for use in my vehicle?
Your Hyundai is designed to use only unleaded fuel having a pump octane number of 87 or higher. Using unleaded fuel will allow your vehicle to attain maximum performance and will minimize exhaust emissions and spark plug fouling.

Please consult your Owner Manual with further questions.

Can I use gasohol or ethanol fuel in my vehicle?
Do not use gasohol containing more than 10% ethanol or any gasoline or gasohol containing methanol. These fuels may cause drivability problems and damage to the fuel system in your Hyundai. If a drivability problem occurs, gasohol could be the cause. Changing to another brand may alleviate the problem.

Please consult your Owner Manual with further questions.

What kind of motor oil is recommended for my vehicle, and how often should the oil be changed?
Refer to your Owner Manual for the Hyundai-recommended service intervals. Engine oil is the ìlifeblood  of your Hyundai. Engine oil provides cooling, lubrication from friction, and cleans and cushions the vital internal components of your vehicle engine. Following Hyundai recommended service intervals will ensure the engine oil is effective and working to prevent engine damage. Check the engine oil level at every fuel fill-up.

Hyundai engine oil recommendations vary from vehicle to vehicle, and from model year to model year. For the most accurate recommendation, please consult your Owner Manual or contact your local Hyundai dealer with further questions.

Should I use oil additives?
Supplemental additives are unnecessary when quality motor oil is used and when the recommended service schedule is followed.

How can I keep the interior of my vehicle clean?
1. Start by vacuuming loose dirt and dust from the cloth or leather-trimmed upholstery. Then apply a solution of mild soap and water using a clean cloth or sponge. (Be careful not to soak the upholstery because this can increase the chance of discoloration or mildew.)

2. Wipe the upholstery and repeat as necessary until the surface is clean. Keep in mind that leather upholstery contains sufficient oils. Oils applied to the surface will not enhance the leather and may actually damage the finish. (Note: Never use gasoline, solvents, paint thinner, or other strong cleaners, as they can discolor and damage upholstery.)

How can I keep the exterior of my vehicle clean?
1. Be sure to wash your vehicle with a mild, non-sulfate soap specifically made for automobiles. Don ot forget to clean the wheel wells.

2. To remove stubborn spots from tree sap or dead insects, soak the spot and rub gently. If that doesn ot work, try using a quality ìliquid tree sap remover  available at your local Hyundai dealer. (Note: Never use abrasive cleaners as they can damage the paint finish of your vehicle.)

3. Dry the surface with a clean cotton towel.

4. It is recommended to apply a protective wax to the paint yearly, at a minimum.

Are there special instructions for maintaining a vehicle with matte paint?
Matte finishes are different from other automotive paints. Typical gloss paints use a clear-coat finish that reflects light and gives a shiny appearance. A matte finish uses a different coating that defuses light, providing its unique ìflat  finish. To enjoy your vehicle matte appearance for many years to come, please follow these owner care and maintenance tips.

Do not use wax, detail spray, AromorAll, or any products made for normal paint. Use only products specifically developed for matte finish paint.
Do not use products that are even mildly abrasive, such as polishes, glazes, or rubbing compounds.
Do not use mechanical cleaners or polishes.
Do not use terrycloth, cloth, or paper towels. Do not rub the finish vigorously, as this will burnish the paint finish, causing a permanent shiny spot. Shiny spots can never be removed.
Do not use commercial car wash facilities or their shine enhancement products. Most car wash brushes, large mechanized ""towels,"" and shine enhancement products can damage matte paint.
Remove foreign substances such as insect remains, tar, and road debris using a soft applicator and a mild solvent; saturate and soak the area before cleaning- rub lightly.
Hand-wash with a soft wash mitt and mild cleaning product safe for matte paint.
Use microfiber cleaning clothes with alcohol-based widow cleaner for basic surface clean-up.

What steps do I need to do to maintain a vehicle with matte paint?
First, pre-wash or spot clean the vehicle. It is important to remove all natural stains, road debris, tar, tree sap, etc. prior to washing to minimize rubbing and to reduce the chance of causing permanent damage to the finish.

Next, wash the wheels and then the vehicle. Be sure to follow the manufacturer instructions carefully.

Lastly, dry the vehicle with a clean damp chamois, sponge cloth, or microfiber towel. Do not allow paint surface to air dry as it will allow water spots to form.

What equipment and supplies will I need to spot clean, wash, and dry a vehicle with matte paint?
Pre-Wash/Spot Cleaning Supplies:
Tar remover, wax remover, or other solvent suitable for the type of debris on the paint
Hose (less than 2500psi) and sprayer with shut-off nozzle

Washing Supplies:
Car wash soap made specifically for matte paint
Soft car wash mitt, wash pad, or microfiber sponge
Hose (less than 2500psi) and sprayer with shut-off nozzle
Two buckets with dirt separators (grit guards) at the bottom
Soap made for cleaning coated alloy wheels

Drying Supplies:
Use a clean damp chamois, sponge cloth, or microfiber towel

How do I pre-wash or spot treat a vehicle with matte paint?
General Spot Cleaning
First apply matte paint cleaner to cloth and surface to be cleaned; do not wipe a dry towel on paint finishóa dry towel will l damage the finish. Soak the spot to allow it to soften. Lightly wipe the surface in a light forward and backward motion. Avoid circular motions because it can leave swirls in the finish. Rinse with water to ensure the product does not stay on the finish. Repeat if necessary.

Removing Natural Stains and Road Debris
First, spray the stained area with water to remove any loose debris. Spray the area with an alcohol-based window cleaner, matte paint cleanser, or a solution of 50% alcohol/50% deionized water. Then, spray the cleaning product on a damp microfiber sponge or microfiber towel and wipe the car finish lightly to remove debris. Dry with a damp microfiber soft cloth.

Removing Tar or Tree Sap
First, spray the affected area with water to remove any loose debris. Dampen remaining debris with tar remover and allow it to soak. Apply the tar remover to a damp microfiber towel and wipe the car finish lightly to remove debris. Let the solvent do the work to minimize rubbing. Once the debris is removed, wash with matte paint finish soap, using a damp microfiber cloth, then rinse well with water. Dry with a clean, damp microfiber cloth.

How do I wash a vehicle with matte paint?
First, pre-rinse the vehicle with a hose or pressure washer (with pressure no greater than 2500 psi) to remove large pieces of dirt that can scratch the paint. Always hold the hose at least 10 inches from the paint when washing. Keep the hose handy for frequent rinsing.

If you plan to clean the wheels, wash them before washing the car. Do not use the same wash mitt used to wash your matte finish to clean the wheels. Use separate microfiber cloths and buckets. Do not get any wheel cleaner on the matte finish. If this happens, wash and rinse this area immediately.

Next, prepare one bucket (with dirt separator grid at the bottom) with matte paint car wash solution and water, according to manufacturer recommendations. Fill a second bucket with clean water for rinsing the wash mitt. Your strategy when washing the car will be to put only a clean mitt into the wash solution. Therefore, you will always rinse the mitt first.

Soak the wash mitt in the wash solution and wash the vehicle lightly, working in small sections from the bottom to the top. Wash a section, then use the hose to rinse the soapy section of the vehicle completely before moving to another section. Continue washing each section and repeat the rinse, wash, and rinse steps until the car is clean.

How do I dry a vehicle with matte paint?
For best appearance, use a clean damp chamois, sponge cloth, or microfiber towel to dry your vehicle before it air dries. If paint surface is starting to air dry, dampen the areas that you are not drying. Do not allow paint surface to air dry. This will allow water spots to form.

What cleaners should I use on my matte paint vehicle?
Hyundai has successfully used the following three product lines on our matte paint vehicles:

Dr. Beasley brand Matte series
Swissvax brand Opaque products
Chemical Guys brand Meticulous Matte products.

What parts do Hyundai dealerships offer?
Hyundai dealerships carry a full line of Hyundai OE (original equipment) parts. In addition, Hyundai has recently introduced a second line of brake pads and rotors called Car Care Parts. The Hyundai OE parts offer longer wear, while the Car Care Parts are a more economical alternative. Both part lines are designed specifically for our Hyundai vehicles, providing optimum safety, performance, and reliability for our customers.

What are Hyundai Car Care Parts?
Hyundai has launched a second line of parts called Car Care Parts, which offers brake pads and rotors at a lower price.

Which model years and models do Car Care Parts cover?
Car Care Parts targets vehicles that are 3-10 years old and covers all models, except the Equus and Genesis. The Accent (2000-2005) was equipped with rear drums and shoes, therefore brake pads and rotors are not needed.

What other Hyundai Car Care Parts will be offered in the future?
Hyundai is considering other options and will announce them as they become available.

What is the warranty on Hyundai parts?
All Hyundai parts installed by a dealer are covered by a 12 months/12,000 miles warranty.

What is the warranty on Car Care Parts?
Car Care brake pads and rotors are covered by a 12 months/12,000 miles warranty. This is the same warranty as other Hyundai parts.

Can Car Care Parts be used for warranty work For instance, if I take my car in while it is still under warranty, can I ask them to use Car Care Parts?
No, Car Care Parts cannot be used for warranty repairs. In a warranty repair, OE (Original Equipment) parts are used.

What accessories do Hyundai dealerships offer?
Hyundai Genuine Accessories are offered at every Hyundai dealership. Accessories are features and add-ons that do not come with your vehicle, but can be purchased through Hyundai dealerships. You can choose to purchase these at any time, even after your initial vehicle purchase. A complete list of available Genuine Hyundai Accessories specific to your vehicle is listed here.

Why should I buy Hyundai Genuine Accessories rather than generic ones?
Hyundai Genuine Accessories are designed specifically for Hyundai vehicles. When purchasing generic accessories, there is no guarantee that they will fit or work in Hyundai vehicles. By purchasing accessories made exclusively for Hyundai vehicles, the customer is guaranteed the product will work for their vehicle. Further, we offer a limited warranty on Hyundai Genuine Accessories.

Is there a list of Genuine Hyundai Accessories specific to my vehicle?
You can view a complete list of available Genuine Hyundai Accessories specific to your vehicle here. You can create a wish list and find a dealer near you.

Where can I purchase Genuine Hyundai Accessories for my vehicle?
Genuine Hyundai Accessories can only be purchased through Hyundai dealerships. Click here to build your wish list and find a dealer near you.

What is the warranty on Hyundai Genuine Accessories?
Accessories installed by an authorized Hyundai Dealer: 
2012MY-2014MY: A Hyundai accessory installed on a new vehicle at the time of, or prior to, or after the date of delivery to the original retail purchaser, or the date the vehicle is first put into service, is covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty and is limited to 5 years from the date of original retail delivery or date of first use, or 60,000 miles, whichever occurs first.

2003MY-2011MY: A Hyundai accessory installed on a new vehicle at the time of, or prior to the vehicles date of delivery to the original retail purchaser, or the date the vehicle is first put into service, is covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty and is limited to 5 years from the date of original retail delivery or date of first use, or 60,000 miles, whichever occurs first.

A Hyundai accessory installed by an authorized Hyundai dealer after the vehicle has been retailed or placed into service shall be warranted for 1 year or 12,000 miles, whichever occurs first, from the date of purchase or installation.

Accessories sold over the counter: 
A Hyundai accessory purchase over-the-counter is warranted for 1 year/unlimited mileage.


How is the MyHyundai website different from the Hyundai website Why should I get a MyHyundai account?
The MyHyundai.com website is designed specifically for Hyundai owners and prospective owners. Becoming a member provides customers access to tools such as locating dealers, building and saving cars, and even scheduling appointments online. There are additional features, such as How-To and FAQs, available to Hyundai owners who register their vehicle on the MyHyundai.com website. MyHyundai.com is a great resource to keep you informed and up-to-date with Hyundai.

How can I change my mailing address, phone number, email address, or login password on MyHyundai.com?
Once logged in to your MyHyundai account, go to the "Visit My Account" link in the upper right-hand corner of the screen. Update your mailing address or phone number in the "Your Information" section. To update your email address or password, click on the ìChange Your Email or Password  link on the right side of the page. Since this is the login information used to identify your account, you will need to enter your current password before changing any information.

What do I need to do if I have forgotten my login password?
Go to your MyHyundai account at Hyundai.com and click on the Forgot Password link. Enter your email address in the prompt, answer the security question and then click ìNext.  If youíve forgotten your security answer select ìClick here to receive code via SMS or Email  and follow the prompts. If youíve answered the security questions correctly, continue to follow the ìForgot Password  prompts until you have successfully created your new password.

Does MyHyundai automatically log me out?
Since each MyHyundai account contains sensitive information, we try to keep it as secure as possible. To do so, if your account is inactive for an extended period of time, a bar at the top of the screen will appear asking if you are still there. If you do not respond, the system will automatically log you out.

Do I need to be a Hyundai owner to get a MyHyundai account?
Anyone can get a MyHyundai account, but certain features of the website will not be available to you unless you register your Hyundai vehicle with the website.

How do I get a MyHyundai account?
To get a MyHyundai account, click on the ìMyHyundai  tab at the top of the Hyundai website. You will see two buttons: ìRegister  and ìLog In.  Click ìRegister  and fill out your information. At this point you can either register your vehicle or finish your registration.

Why should I register my vehicle on MyHyundai?
Parts of the MyHyundai website can only be seen by members with a registered vehicle attached to their account. Further, you are able to keep track of your mileage, view your vehicle manual, view FAQs specific to you, and much more!

How do I register my Hyundai vehicle on the website?
Log in to your MyHyundai account at Hyundai.com. On the top left you will see a tab called ìAdd Vehicle.  Click on this tab and then enter your vehicle VIN and click ìSave this vehicle to MyHyundai. 


What is the Blue Link App?
The Blue Link Mobile App connects Hyundai Blue Link subscribers to their vehicle via their phone. With this app, you will be able to remote start your vehicle, remotely activate your vehicle horn and lights, remotely unlock/lock your vehicle, and much more!

Note that features available on the Blue Link Mobile App require a subscription to the Assurance Connected Care and Essentials packages.

Is there a way for me to test out the Blue Link App before enrolling in Blue Link?
Yes, anyone can download the Blue Link App and use the Demo Log-in to explore all the features that the Blue Link App has to offer.

How do I sync my vehicle to my Blue Link App?
In order to use the Blue Link App with your vehicle, first download the Blue Link App from either Google Play or iTunes. To access mobile features, log in with the same credentials as your MyHyundai.com account. Once logged in, you will be able to choose the feature youíd like to initiate.

How do I unlock/lock my doors using the Blue Link App?
You can easily unlock or lock your Hyundai vehicle using the Blue Link App. Once you log into the Blue Link App, the landing page should be the ìDoor Unlock  feature. Scroll to the right if you wish to initiate ìDoor Lock . You will be asked to enter your PIN which is the 4 digit code you chose during your Myhyundai.com registration. The remote app will confirm whether the feature was successfully initiated.

How do I start my vehicle using the Blue Link Mobile App?
To remote start your vehicle with the Blue Link Mobile App, log into the Blue Link App and scroll to the ìRemote Start  icon. Once you choose the feature, you will be asked to enter your PIN, which is the 4 digit code you chose during your Myhyundai.com registration. You will receive confirmation of whether you successfully initiated the feature.

Note: Remote start requires push button start and automatic transmission. Preconditions include: vehicle doors must be locked, security system armed, hood and trunk closed, gearshift in park (p) position and the vehicle is located in an open area.

How do I set off my horns and lights using the Blue Link Mobile App?
To initiate your vehicle horns or lights, log into the Blue Link App and scroll to the ìRemote Horn & Lights  icon. Once you choose the feature, you will be asked to enter your PIN, which is the 4 digit code you chose during your Myhyundai.com registration. You will receive confirmation of whether you successfully initiated the feature.

How do I send a Point of Interest (POI) to my vehicle via the Blue Link Mobile App?
In order to send a POI to your vehicle, log into the Blue Link App and swipe through the features to find ìDestination/Send to Car  or click on the menu icon in the upper right corner. In the main menu, choose ìDestination/Send to Car . Next, press on the POI tab at the top of the screen (it should be the default screen). Enter your POI location in the search bar at the top and select the search button on your keyboard. Then, select the desired destination on the map, and select ìSend to Car  to send the POI to your vehicle.

What is Car Finder and how do you use this feature?
The Car Finder feature is accessed through the Blue Link Mobile App. This feature allows you to locate your vehicle on a map if your GPS signal is within a 1-mile radius of your vehicle, and gives you the ability to save your vehicle location for future reference. To activate Car Finder via the Blue Link Mobile App, select ìDestination/Send to Car  menu option. Then select Car Finder (the button with the car icon). You will be prompted to search or tag a new location. You will need to be enrolled in Essentials to access this feature.

How do I connect to Facebook or Twitter with my Blue Link Mobile App?
Share your favorite dealer, coffee shops, successful remote services, and more by connecting your Facebook or Twitter account to the Blue Link Mobile App. Select the menu icon at the top right corner of the Blue Link app landing page. Select ìSocial Network Setup  and choose to connect to Facebook or Twitter by selecting the ìConnect  button. Once connected to your social networks, you will be able to share your Blue Link experience with the world. Share successful remote services by selecting the iStatus button on the app remote screen. Also share Points of Interest (POIs) and dealer information from location detail screens. If you ever decide you do not want an account connected to Blue Link anymore, simply select the ìUnlink  button to disconnect.

What smartphones are compatible with the Blue Link App?
Your performance will vary depending on your device operating software, device firmware, service carrier, and any user modifications (i.e., third-party operating software). Please check back on HyundaiBluelink.com often as the list of certified device configurations will be continuously updated.

What is Hyundai Rewards?
Hyundai Rewards is the free rewards program that helps current and future Hyundai owners save money towards their next purchase / lease of a Hyundai or service to their existing Hyundai by earning cash back for everyday online purchases and vehicle service at a participating dealer.

Where can I find Hyundai Rewards Program Rules?
You can view the Hyundai Rewards Program Rules here.

What is the Hyundai Rewards Mall?
The Hyundai Rewards Mall is an online shopping portal where members can access over 3,000 merchants (including most major retailers including Walmart, Target, Home Depot, Sports Authority, etc.).

Is there paperwork or membership cards that I need to remember?
No, simply shop online through the Hyundai Rewards Mall or visit a participating dealer with an enrolled Hyundai vehicle and your Points will be credited automatically!

How much does it cost to enroll in Hyundai Rewards?
Membership is free! It our way of saying thank you for being a valued customer and taking care of your vehicle.

How much are Points worth?
One Point is equal to $.01 USD. Points cannot be redeemed for cash and have no cash value.

How do I view or change my account information?
Go to the My Rewards Account page on Hyundai Rewards and click on "Edit My Information". Once there simply make your changes, click save, and you are all set.

Where do I find my Points balance?
You find your Points balance by visiting the Hyundai Rewards website.

Can I access my Rewards account using my smartphone?
Yes, you can check your Points balance and account information on your smartphone by visiting myHyundai.com and accessing your Rewards account as you normally would. A mobile-optimized experience will be coming in the near future.

Do Points expire?
Points expire 7 years from the time of issue (date of earning transaction) or after 18 months of account inactivity, except where prohibited by law. Account inactivity is defined as a lack of qualifying transactions at a participating Hyundai Rewards dealership, shopping online through the Mall, or no redemption of Points.

How do I cancel my Hyundai Rewards Membership?
You may opt-out of communications or close your account and un-enroll from Hyundai Rewards at any time by visiting the My Rewards Account page. You can also call Hyundai Motor America at (800) 633-5151.

How do I become a member of Hyundai Rewards?
If youíre already a myHyundai.com member, just log in to your account, click on the Hyundai Rewards link, and enroll in Hyundai Rewards. If youíre not a member, register for free now at myHyundai.com. Then, click on the Hyundai Rewards link and enroll in Hyundai Rewards

Who is eligible to enroll in Hyundai Rewards?
Residents of the United States and 18 years of age or older are eligible to participate in Hyundai Rewards.

Can multiple people in my household enroll?
Yes. Anyone can create an account to shop and earn Points for their online transactions as long as they are 18 years of age or older. Individual Hyundai vehicles can only be assigned to one person at a time.

Do I need to own a Hyundai to enroll in Hyundai Rewards?
No. You can enroll in Hyundai Rewards without owning a Hyundai and earn Points by shopping on the Online Mall.

Can I enroll other vehicles besides a Hyundai?
No. Only Hyundai vehicles can be enrolled in the program. Your enrolled Hyundai can be new or pre-owned. Only Hyundai vehicles can earn Points at participating Hyundai dealerships.

How many vehicles can I enroll?
A member may have up 4 Hyundai vehicles enrolled at one time. Hyundai Rewards will enroll your first four vehicles for you! If you have more than 4 vehicles, go to the My Account Page on Hyundai Rewards to select the vehicles you would like to enroll in the program.

Can I change the vehicles that I enroll?
Yes. Members are free to change their current enrolled vehicles at any point by making changes to their account online. Just go to the My Account Page on Hyundai Rewards to select the vehicles you would like to enroll in the program.

How do I earn Points with Hyundai Rewards?
Points can be earned multiple ways. You can earn Points by servicing your enrolled Hyundai vehicle at a participating dealership. Another way to earn Points is by shopping online at the Hyundai Rewards Online Mall that includes over 3,000 name-brand merchants!

How much can I earn with Hyundai Rewards?
You can earn 5% by servicing your Hyundai vehicle at a participating dealership and you can earn up to 5% or more when you shop through the Hyundai Rewards Online Mall. Rates vary by merchant and there are always great promotions, so be sure to check back often.

Is there a maximum number of Points I can earn with Hyundai Rewards?
No. There is no maximum amount of Points that a member can accrue over time.

Can I earn Points from different participating Hyundai dealerships?
Yes, you can. Members can earn Points for service of any enrolled vehicle at any participating dealer. Those Points are only valid for redemption at that particular dealer.

Can I earn Points for purchasing a Hyundai?
No. Points are earned through by shopping on the Online Mall or for service at participating Hyundai dealers.

How much will I earn when I shop on the Mall?
The amount of Points earned varies by and are set by the individual Mall merchant and may change over time. Points are based on net purchase price, generally excluding taxes, shipping and handling, as well as special services such as gift wrapping.

How long does it take to see my earned Points in my account?
Points earned from a participating dealership may take up 60 days to process. Points earned from the Hyundai Rewards Mall may take up to 60 days or more depending on the type of transaction.

Can I earn Points for online purchases without shopping through the Mall?
No. You must access merchants through the Mall to earn Points.

Can I earn Points for having warranty or recall work done on my Hyundai?
No. Only the portion of service visits that a customer pays for at a participating Hyundai dealer will earn Points.

Can I earn Points when I purchase or lease a new vehicle?
No. Members will not earn Points for vehicle purchases / leases, down payments, lease payments, and other such instances outside of the service visit.

What can I redeem Points for?
You can redeem your Points towards a new Hyundai purchase or for service at a participating Hyundai dealership.

Can Points be redeemed for service on any Hyundai model (including older models)?
Yes. Points can be redeemed for service on any Hyundai model and model year.

How do I redeem my Points?
You simply visit the Hyundai Rewards site and create a Voucher, which can be used for a discount off of a service visit or new vehicle purchase / lease at a participating dealer. Visit the Participating Dealers page for the most current list.

Where can I redeem my Points?
Hyundai Rewards is currently being rolled out across America and we are adding new dealers quickly! Visit the Participating Dealers page for the most current list.

Can Points be redeemed for cash?
No, Points have no cash value.

Can I buy additional Points?
No. You can only earn Points through shopping through the Online Mall or by taking your Hyundai vehicle in for service at a participating dealer.

What happens if I return an item purchased through the Online Mall?
Any returned, voided, or cancelled transactions made through the Mall on a merchant site will result in Points being removed from your account.

Can my reward Points ever be taken away from me?
Hyundai Motor America has the right, to revoke any membersí Points if it feels they were earned in a fashion that is not consistent with the Hyundai Rewards Program Rules. Hyundai Motor America also has the right to change the rules at their discretion.

What communications can I expect to receive from Hyundai?
Hyundai is dedicated to keeping our customers up to date and fully informed about their vehicles and the company. Several mediums are used, such as email, mail, phone calls, social media, etc., to communicate with our customers. These may include new vehicle information, exciting news and events, service coupons, maintenance memos, and feedback requests.

Who sends mailings, emails, and other interactions?
Multiple departments at Hyundai, as well as individual Hyundai dealerships, send information to customers and potential customers. You may receive special offers, notices about events and promotions, or surveys and online feedback requests.

I just received a survey or online feedback request. Is it important that I complete it?
Hyundai continuously strives to provide our customers with the best possible service and products, and we cannot do this without your help. We understand that completing a survey or posting a review takes precious time out of your day, and we truly appreciate any feedback you can give us. By gathering first-hand information about your experience with our vehicles, Hyundai dealerships, and company, we can continue to improve on the Hyundai ownership experience.

What types of social media is Hyundai involved in?
Hyundai is involved in multiple social media sites, including:
Facebook
Google+
Instagram
Pinterest
SureCritic
Twitter
YouTube

What are Customer Communication Preferences?
The "Customer Communication Preferences Center" provides Hyundai owners and handraisers a self-managed tool to customize relevant communications and offers. The Center can be accessed through the Communication Preferences page under MyHyundai.com.

Opting in or opting out through our Communication Preferences Center in MyHyundai.com will not affect any communication preferences you may have previously established with Hyundai dealers, Hyundai Motor Finance or Hyundai Blue Link.

How do I opt-in to Hyundai communications?
Register at MyHyundai.com and access the Communication Preferences page under the ìMy Account  section. Select the topic(s) you are interested in from the 5 categories of communications we offer: (1) Information & Offers for Owners; (2) Products, Promotions & Sales Events; (3) Hyundai Special Events & Programs; (4) Company News, Information & Initiatives; and (5) Survey & Feedback.

How do I select the type of communication I want?
Simply select the category and indicate your interest(s) from the drop down menu.

How do I opt out of all Hyundai communications?
You may opt out of all Hyundai marketing communications by selecting "Unsubscribe from all" in the Communication Preferences page under MyHyundai.com. You can also click on the unsubscribe link within Hyundai marketing email(s) you receive. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from all, you will still receive Hyundai transactional email, such as service appointment reminders.

If you wish to opt out of Hyundai Blue Link communications, please log on to the Blue Link webpage to manage your Blue Link preferences.

Which category should I opt in to receive special sales and/or deal offers?
Turn the subscription slider of "Products, Promotions & Sales Events" to "On."

Why am I still receiving Hyundai dealer communications after I opt out through MyHyundai.com?
The Communication Preferences Center in MyHyundai.com manages only marketing and communications initiated by Hyundai Motor America. Please contact your local Hyundai dealer to be removed from their email list.

Where do you obtain my personal information?
When you provide your personal information such as your name, address and/or email address to our website, at Hyundai sponsored events, or at a Hyundai dealership when purchasing or servicing a Hyundai vehicle, your information is captured and stored. We may periodically refresh this information from our databases to ensure it remains current.

Why am I receiving email notification(s) regarding my communication preference(s)?
Hyundai will send a confirmation email to your email address should there be a change related to your communication preference(s), personal contact information and/or vehicle ownership status. Change(s) can be triggered by submitting your vehicle interest on Hyundaiusa.com, Hyundai sponsored events or auto shows, purchasing a Hyundai, or servicing your Hyundai vehicle at your local Hyundai dealership. 

If you did not initiate the change, please contact the Hyundai Customer Connect Center at 1-800-633-5151.


What is the situation with Hyundai fuel economy ratings?
Due to procedural errors at our joint testing operations in Korea, Hyundai overstated the fuel economy ratings for approximately 600,000 ñ or about a third of 2011-13 model year vehicles sold prior to November 3, 2012. We are taking immediate steps to correct these errors, including relabeling the fuel economy ratings for vehicles currently in showrooms.

For more information, click here.

How much is Hyundai fuel economy being reduced?
The combined EPA fuel economy estimates are being reduced by one or two MPG on affected Hyundai vehicles.

For more information, click here.

How is Hyundai compensating customers?
We recognize that fuel economy is a consideration in many car buying decisions, especially with today gasoline prices. Hyundai has put in place a reimbursement program for affected current and former vehicle owners to cover the additional fuel costs associated with our rating change. Our top priority is to make things right for our customers.

Owners of affected vehicles will receive a personalized debit card that will reimburse them for their difference in the EPA combined fuel economy rating, based on the fuel price in their area and their own actual miles driven. Current owners are eligible for subsequent reimbursements as frequently as desired for as long as they own their vehicle. Prior owners of affected vehicles who have already sold their cars will also receive a one-time reimbursement using the same formula.

Detailed information about Hyundai fuel rating change reimbursement program is available here.

Where can I find detailed information on the Hyundai vehicles impacted?
A complete list of Hyundai affected vehicles is available here.

Am I eligible for the MPG Program?
If you are a current of previous owner of an affected vehicle, you may be eligible for the MPG Reimbursement Program. Detailed information is available here.

What can I do to maximize my gas mileage?
There are several simple things you can do to improve your gas mileage.

Drive sensibly. Aggressive driving (excessive speed, rapid acceleration, and hard braking) wastes gas. It can lower your gas mileage by as much as 33% at highway speeds. Gas mileage usually decreases significantly at speeds above 60 mph. As a general rule of thumb, you can estimate that each 5 mph you drive over 60 mph is essentially the same as paying an additional $0.20 per gallon for gas. (Not to mention, slower and more sensible driving is much safer!)*

Keep your tires properly inflated. Underinflated tires require more energy to roll, which translates into wasted fuel (it also leads to your tires wearing unevenly, which will shorten their lifespan). The recommended tire pressure for your vehicle is located in your Owner Manual if your vehicle is equipped with its original tires. If you have purchased new tires, please consult the guidelines provided by the tire manufacturer. Your Hyundai service professional can help you keep your tires at their proper inflation.

Remove excess weight. Heavier vehicles require more energy to move, so carrying around excess weight will also affect your mileage. Empty out your trunk and backseat of unnecessary items

Use cruise control. If your vehicle is equipped with cruise control, using it during highway driving may help to improve your fuel economy.

What ECO features are available on Hyundai vehicles?
Hyundai values the preservation of our planet resources and designed several models with fuel efficient technologies. Some of these technologies include the ECO Shift Indicator Lamp, the ECO Mode Lamp, ECO-Coach, ECO Score, and Active ECO. You can also consult your Owner Manual for a full list of features specific to your vehicle.

What do you mean by Active ECO button ?
The Active ECO button allows your vehicle to perform at the optimal level to receive maximum fuel efficiency by controlling the vehicle shifting patterns. The system is activated by the Active ECO button located by the driver left knee.

how does Active ECO work when it is turned on?
It works by controlling the vehicles shifting patterns.

Is my vehicle less powerful when it is in Active ECO mode?
The Active ECO system modifies engine and transmission control specifically for improved fuel economy. The vehicle may not accelerate as fast when it is in Active Eco mode because it is operating at a level specifically intended to lower the fuel consumption rate. For best vehicle performance and drivability, turn your vehicle Active ECO off.

Where is the Active ECO button?
Push the Active ECO button, located in front of the driver left knee, to turn on the Active ECO. When the Active ECO is in on, the button LED light will illuminate, the button will depress, and the word ìECO  will light up in green on the dashboard.

How can I tell if my car is in Active Eco mode?
When the Active ECO is in on, the button LED light will illuminate, the button will depress, and the word ìECO  will light up in green on the dashboard.

What is ECO-Coach and How does it work?
Eco-Coach is a feature available in Blue Link Guidance Package. Blue Link records your speed, MPG, and more. When you log on to MyHyundai.com, you can see tips and suggestions to improve your driving efficiency. Further, you will be able to earn ECO Reward points. The better your fuel economy, the more points you earn.

What is the purpose of the ECO Rewards I earn from ECO-Coach?
The points earned from ECO-Coach can be seen on the ECO tab at MyHyundai.com after you have registered, if you are a Blue Link subscriber. You can compare your total amount of ECO points to other Hyundai owners.


What is Blue Link ,How do I sign up?
Blue Link is a dynamic and innovative telematics solution that combines safety, car care, remote functionality and infotainment into a complete package. It helps simplify the life of Hyundai owners and reduce distracted driving. Your local Hyundai Dealership can assist you in the enrollment process during your vehicle purchase or at any point in the future.

What is Hyundai Blue Link Connected Care and the Monthly Vehicle Health Report?
Blue Link Connected Care is a suite of safety and car care features providing Hyundai owners with services such as Automatic Collision Notification, SOS Emergency Assistance, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Monthly Vehicle Health Reports and Maintenance Alerts. All new Blue Link-equipped Hyundai vehicles will come standard with one year of Blue Link Connected Care. The service is fully transferable to subsequent owners within one year of the vehicle date of first use. 

The Monthly Vehicle Health Report (MVHR) contains a comprehensive, straightforward diagnostic evaluation involving most aspects of your vehicle performance. It is available for viewing on MyHyundai.com and will be sent via email after the first ignition cycle on your MVHR date. You can change the monthly delivery date by logging-in to MyHyundai.com.
What mobile apps are available with my Blue Link subscription?
All Blue Link equipped vehicles are supported by the Blue Link mobile app. The Genesis Intelligent Assistant App currently supports the Genesis Sedan only starting with 2015 model year. With both apps, you will be able to utilize remote features like Remote Start and have additional Blue Link content at your fingertips. All Blue Link-equipped vehicles are available via the app with your MyHyundai.com account credentials and active Blue Link subscription.

A Blue Link subscription to the Remote Package is required to execute remote features and Guidance Package is required to use POI Web Search and Download.

How does Enhanced Roadside Assistance work?
Enhanced Roadside Assistance works in conjunction with your vehicle Hyundai Assurance 24/7 Roadside Assistance coverage. GPS coordinates for your vehicle will be provided to the Blue Link Customer Care agent when making a Roadside Assistance call from inside the vehicle using the Blue Link button.

How does Stolen Vehicle Recovery work with local police to recover my vehicle?
If your Hyundai vehicle is stolen, file a stolen vehicle report with your local police department immediately. The Blue Link Customer Care agent will need a report number to help police find the location of your vehicle. Once your vehicle is located, local authorities will be dispatched to the scene and if still in motion, the agent will trigger a series of remote commands to ensure the vehicle comes to a complete stop and the engine becomes immobilized to ensure your vehicle is recovered safely.

Is my vehicle equipped to perform Remote Start and How long will the engine idle during a Remote Start?
Your vehicle must be equipped with Push-Button Start AND Automatic Transmission or DCT (Dual-Clutch Transmission) to operate the Remote Start feature. The vehicle engine will idle for up to 10 minutes and automatically turn off if you do not enter the vehicle with the smart key fob. 

Note: See your Blue Link User Manual for Remote Start requirements and Preconditions. 
How do I cool or warm my vehicle interior using Blue Link?
You can pre-set the temperature and fan speed before turning off the vehicle engine. The next time you perform a Remote Start, your vehicle will begin to cool or warm the cabin based on the pre-set temperature and fan speed. 

For select vehicles equipped with Fully Automatic Temperature Control, you can set the cabin air temperature directly from the web or mobile app when executing a Remote Start. This option will be visible in both Mobile App & MyHyundai.com if this feature is available for your vehicle. 
Why does the Remote Start feature not work sometimes?
The car doors must be locked, security system armed, gearshift lever in Park (P) position, it has been less than 4 days since last vehicle ignition off, and the vehicle should be located in an open area with good cell reception. A full list of preconditions for Remote Start are found in the Blue Link User Manual and on MyHyundai.com. 
What is Car Finder and how do you use this feature on my mobile app?
Car Finder allows you to find your vehicle on a map if you are within a 1-mile radius of your car. It also gives you the option to tag your vehicle current location for future reference. To activate Car Finder via the mobile app, tap on the Map and select the Car Finder icon. Car Finder via the Genesis Intelligent Assistant App is available off the main menu. 

A Blue Link subscription to the Remote Package is required to use this feature.
What Blue Link packages are available and how much do they cost and Do you offer a la carte services?
There are three Blue Link packages: Connected Care, Remote and Guidance. After the trial period is over, each package is available for $99/year. The Connected Care Package comes with a complimentary one year trial for all new Blue Link equipped vehicles. A three month trial for Remote and Guidance is available when you sign up using your credit card. (Restrictions may apply based on your current vehicle.)

Connected Care is a comprehensive safety and car care package that offers peace of mind no matter where you are. Call Center agents are standing by 365 days, 24 hours a day to summon help or provide emergency assistance. The Remote package gives you convenient access to features via the web or smartphone app. You can Remote Start your car, use Remote Climate Control (if equipped), unlock/lock your doors or locate your car when you forget where you parked it. The Guidance Package provides more than just the quickest route to your destination. Destination Search powered by Google is perfect for those looking for new local knowledge.

Currently, there are no a la carte options available.
Why do my vehicle hazard lights flash when I use Remote Start?
The blinking lights are a visual indicator and precaution to you and others that the vehicle engine is running. The parking lights will blink until the vehicle is turned off or until you enter the vehicle with the smart key fob.

Can I demo the mobile app before enrolling in Blue Link?
Yes, anyone can demo the Blue Link App or Genesis Intelligent Assistant App prior to enrolling in Blue Link. Download the app to your smartphone and select the DEMO link to explore all the features that the mobile app has to offer.

What smartphones are compatible with the mobile apps?
The following supported devices have been certified to work with the mobile apps: Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 5 and 5S running iOS 7 or 8; Android Galaxy S5, Galaxy S4 and Galaxy Note 3 running Jellybean 4.2 and KitKat 4.4. Technical assistance is available for these devices if troubleshooting is needed.

The following devices are expected to compatible but have not been fully certified and troubleshooting assistance is not available: Apple iPhone 5C, 4S, and 4; Android Nexus 5, Galaxy S3, Galaxy Note 2, Galaxy Epic 4G, Evo 4G, Thunderbolt 4G, HTC One, Droid Razr, Razr HD and Razr M. 

Your device performance will vary depending on operating software, service carrier and any user modifications (i.e., third-party operating software). Please check back often as the list of supported devices will change based on user demand.
I don ot receive proactive notifications showing travel time to my next appointment when using the Genesis Intelligent Assistant app Why?
All calendar events must have a time and location for proactive notifications to work properly. Additionally, verify that your mobile app has access to your smartphone native calendar. You can confirm these preferences under the Privacy section in your iPhone Settings. Android users automatically grant access to the calendar when downloading the app.
What Hyundai vehicles are equipped with Blue Link?
Blue Link launched on the 2012 Sonata and is currently available on most 2013-2016 Hyundai models with the exception of Accent.
Will Blue Link use my cellphone connection to provide me with safety, security and car care services?
Blue Link is an embedded system, which means that you will be able to use most of the features without the need to have your cell phone in the car. However, some functions are enhanced with your cell phone through the mobile application like remote features.

What do the Blue Link buttons on my car rear view mirror do?
The Blue Link button provides access to a voice-response menu of services. The center button is used for Enhanced Navigation services like Destination Search Powered by Google. Pressing the SOS button connects users with a live agent who can provide emergency assistance. A detailed list of voice-response commands are available in the Blue Link User Manual.

How does the Blue Link smartwatch app work with my smartphone?
The smartwatch app is an extension of your Blue Link mobile app and connects automatically using Bluetooth 4.0. Your smartphone provides the data connection to send remote requests to your vehicle. 

Android users need to download the Android Wear app on their smartphone before using the smartwatch app. Apple users do not need to download an additional app to their iPhone.
What smartwatches and Hyundai vehicles are supported by the Blue Link smartwatch app?
The mobile app supports both Apple Watch (when available) and Android wear smartwatches like the Samsung Gear Live, Moto 360, LG G Watch and the LG G R Watch. Additionally, all Blue Link-equipped vehicles are supported by the smartwatch app.
What remote features are available and how do I use voice commands on my Blue Link smartwatch app?
Tap the microphone icon on the top area of the screen and state your request. You can also tap tart to see the list of available apps and select Blue Link from the list. 

Available remote features and voice commands include "Remote Start", "Remote Stop", "Door Lock", "Door Unlock", "Flash Lights", "Horn and Lights", "Car Finder", "Call Roadside" and "Call Blue Link" to speak with an agent. The app will also respond to natural language commands like "start my car" or "lock my car". For security purposes you will need to enter your PIN manually.
How do I navigate to a point of interest or to my vehicle location using my smartwatch?
Navigation is carried out on your smartphone when requesting directions to a point-of-interest or making a Car Finder request. 
Can I switch between Hyundai vehicles on the Blue Link smartwatch app?
Switching between your Hyundai vehicles on the smartwatch app is not available at this time. The last vehicle selected on your smartphone will be used by the smartwatch application. You can select a different vehicle on your Blue Link mobile app on your smartphone.
My smartwatch does not show the Blue Link app after pairing my smartphone to the watch.
Make sure you have the latest version of the Blue Link app installed on your smartphone. If this is the case and the issue persists, uninstall the Blue Link app from your smartphone and re-download it. It may take a few moments for your watch to recognize the Blue Link app and make it available on the watch app list.
How do I update my Blue Link smartwatch app to the latest version?
Your smartwatch syncs with the Blue Link mobile app on your smartphone automatically. Updating the Blue Link mobile app on your smartphone will ensure your smartwatch app is always up to date.
Where can I find help with setting up or troubleshooting my smartwatch?
For Android troubleshooting instructions please visit www.support.google.com/androidwear. For additional Apple Watch information please visit www.apple.com/watch.
Do I need to use a credit card to enroll in a Blue Link trial offer?
By signing up for auto-renewal with a credit card, you will ensure continued services after the complementary 1 year trial period comes to an end. The complimentary three-month trial period of Remote and Guidance requires a credit card at time of enrollment. 
When and how much will my credit card be charged if I select auto-renewal?
Your credit card will be charged at the end of your complimentary trial period. As a courtesy, you will receive a timely reminder before your credit card is charged with the current Blue Link subscription rate. For package pricing, please refer to HyundaiBlueLink.com.

Why should I purchase additional years of service during my Blue Link enrollment?
Purchasing additional years of service during enrollment makes you eligible for discounted rates and provides you with the convenience of untinterrupted service. You can view the discount pricing during enrollment on MyHyundai.com.

Will my credit card be charged when I complete enrollment if I decide to purchase additional years of service?
Yes, your credit card will be charged at the end of the transaction when you sign up for additional years of Blue Link service beyond the complimentary trial period.

How can I pay for my Blue Link subscription?
You can pay your Blue Link subscription with MasterCard, VISA, AMEX or Discover.

How do I change my notifications email or phone number?
For some vehicles, log-in to MyHyundai.com, select your vehicle and click on "UPDATE MY INFO". You can modify the notification email address and phone number at the bottom of this screen. Additional phone numbers can also be added.

What do I do if I forget or want to update my PIN?
Log-in to MyHyundai and click on the Blue Link logo, select "UPDATE MY PIN". If you forget your PIN, contact 855-2-BlueLink (855-225-8354) and speak to a Blue Link Customer Care agent.

Where can I find the status of my subscription and package expiration date?
After you log-in to MyHyundai.com, you will be able to see the Blue Link subscription status and package expiration dates for each active vehicle next to the Blue Link logo on the top left hand side of the vehicle section. Additionally, from the Blue Link tab, select "BLUE LINK SUBSCRIPTION" for more details including renewal dates.

Who is considered a Secondary Driver and how do I send them an invitation to share Blue Link?
A secondary driver can be someone who shares a Blue Link equipped vehicle with you. Depending on your vehicle, the primary Blue Link subscriber can send an invitation to a secondary driver via MyHyundai.com so they can have a full Blue Link experience by creating their own MyHyundai account and setting their own feature and notification preferences. To send a Secondary Driver invitation, log-in to MyHyundai.com and select Drivers from the Blue Link tab. For other vehicles, the primary driver can set up the secondary driver by logging into Myhyundai.com, clicking on the Blue Link logo selecting "UPDATE MY INFORMATION".

Do vehicles equipped with Wi-Fi have "Hot Spot" mode?
At this time, vehicles equipped with Wi-Fi capabilities do not have a "Hot Spot" mode. Equipped vehicles will be able to connect to your home or dealership Wi-Fi network for the purpose of downloading and/or updating in-vehicle apps at faster speeds.


Why does car hiccups occur?
It may be due to following reasons 
Failure of spark plug
Ignition coil damage
Fuel pumps or filter clogged.



Where can I get a copy of the Blue Link User Manual?
Log-in to MyHyundai.com, select your vehicle and navigate to the "Manuals & How To" tab to find the Blue Link User Manual. You can view or download a PDF version of the User Manual.

What kind of warranty coverage does Blue Link have?
Blue Link equipment is covered under the 5-Year/60,000-Mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty.

Why am I receiving an error message when accessing the Blue Link pages in Safari?
When using Safari to access the Blue Link pages within MyHyundai.com, verify that the "Accept Cookies" setting is set to "Always". Below are sample instructions for the iPad:
1. Open Safari Settings
2. Select "Accept Cookies" menu
3. Change setting from "From Visited" or "Never" to "Always".

How do I contact a Blue Link representative?
If you have any questions about Blue Link, please call Blue Link Customer Care at (855) 225-8354 or send an email to customercare@hyundaibluelink.com. 

You can contact Blue Link as often as you like. For your convenience, you can contact one of our Blue Link Customer Care agents from the car by pressing the Blue Link button, from your smartphone mobile app or from MyHyundai.com.

What Blue Link services are only available on Sonata PHEV?
Connected Care Package (3 years standard ñ enrollment required)

Charge Status
Plug and Charge status
Time left until fully charged
Existing battery level
Real-time electric and fuel range

Charge Scheduling
Start or stop charging
Set up charging schedule with days of the week and time

Guidance Package (3 month trial ñ enrollment and credit card required) 
Nearby Charge Station Search and Send-to-Car.
What is the trial period for Pre-Owned and Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) vehicles?
A  three-month trial for Connected Care, Remote and Guidance is available when you enroll (credit card required).  Please visit your preferred Hyundai dealer for assistance with Blue Link enrollment.
